Support quick nav to headings 7 to 9 in browse mode (#18015)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

### Changes

> * In browse mode, it is now possible to use number keys 1 to 9, instead of 1 to 6 previously, to navigate  to the corresponding heading. (#18014, @CyrilleB79)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* it is now possible to navigate directly to headings at level 7 through 9 directly using the corresponding number row keys in browse mode. (#18014, @CyrilleB79)
```

Author: Since the change log item is in the "Change" section, my goal was to emphasize that the already existing feature is now extended to levels 7 to 9. Your suggestion does not seem to be written as a change but as a new feature.

Is it correct to put this item in the "Changes" section or should it be put in the "New features" one? And if it should remain in the "Changes", how should it be written to lookk like a change, i.e. refer to the existing feature?

Reviewer: I think this should be in changes, since it's logically an extension of an existing feature.
Looking back through our change log, I think my wording fits better with how we've previously worded changes, though I can understand your reasoning for the initial wording. Perhaps @Qchristensen could provide some input here?
